Life is a journey, and sometimes the journey is easier when someone walks with you.

CAN TALKING HELP?

At times we may all struggle with stresses, strains, challenges, difficulties, loss and change.  In a fast changing and sometimes confusing world many of us may struggle to feel connected; with ourselves, with others and within society and during these times it can be helpful to talk about our thoughts, our feelings and our emotions. Life can be difficult and I understand that.  We can&rsquo;t always cope on our own and at times may need additional support. The therapeutic relationship aims to give that support. 

Beginning therapy and choosing a therapist can be challenging.  I offer a space which is safe, welcoming, and non-judgmental in which you can feel secure and supported.  A space where there are no expectations.  We will work together at a pace that suits you, and we will build a trusting relationship, so that you can work through any difficulties or challenges that you are experiencing.  

ABOUT YOU

Counselling can provide you with an opportunity to slow down and connect with yourself, to grow and to develop so that you may live with more ease and less strain.  During counselling it is likely that you will become more self-aware.  You may begin to recognise behaviours and cycles of responding which are no longer helpful, or you may become more able to let go of outdated ideas of yourself or others.  You may come to terms with what harms you at the same time as embracing more of what brings joy and fulfilment.  The counselling experience can be a freeing journey that will enable you to love, care, nourish and respect yourself, just as you are. 

While you cannot always choose what happens in your life, you do have a degree of choice and freedom over how you respond. The more clarity you have about how you behave and respond to life&rsquo;s challenges, the more you can take ownership and move towards a life that is in line with your fundamental values.

ABOUT ME

I&rsquo;m Ruth and compassion, connection and care are important to me, so I base my practice on these principals. 

I am fully qualified as a humanistic counsellor, I am registered with the BACP (British Association of Counselling and Psychotherapy) and I am committed to offering a confidential and ethical service.

I engage in regular supervision and training to support my own knowledge and professional development.

I am fully insured and hold an enhanced DBS certificate.  

I offer individual counselling sessions for people aged 16 and over. I welcome neurotypical and neurodiverse clients, as well as individuals from all cultural backgrounds, sexual orientations, and gender identities.

I have plentiful experience in the school of life and of working across the charity and private practice sectors.

WHERE TO FIND ME?

I offer a comfortable and quiet counselling room at the Cranberry Wellbeing Centre in Eastleigh, located directly opposite the Point Arts and Performance Centre.

Free parking is available.

Please email or leave a text mentioning how you would like to be contacted, and I will usually get back to you on the same day.

hello@hampshireheadspace.com

People who need support sometimes look a lot like people who don't need support.

Counselling can support people experiencing:

Anxiety Depression Stress and overwhelm Panic attacks Anger and emotional regulation difficulties Low self-esteem and low confidence Low mood and sadness Loneliness and isolation Family and friendship difficulties Relationship difficulties Separation and divorce Loss and bereavement Identity-related concerns Life transitions and adjustment difficulties Work-related stress and burnout Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) Suicidal thoughts Long-term health conditions... and life in general.

There is no issue too big or too small.

Therapy is not only for those with specific issues. It can also be helpful for anyone who would like to learn more about themselves and their relationships.

How long does counselling last?

Counselling sessions are 55 minutes long, usually weekly and the process can either be short term (6-12 sessions) or longer term.  This can be discussed and decided together.

Fees

It&rsquo;s really important to find the right counsellor for you, all counsellors are different, so for that reason I offer a free initial session which gives us an opportunity to meet and discuss your needs.

After the initial free session, I charge &pound;55 per session face to face and &pound;45 per session online.

May I encourage you to take that first step with me today?

Thoughts about website&hellip;&hellip;

I&rsquo;m hoping for a tranquil, calming, professional vibe.  I previously wondered about a nature scene (waves, shores or mountains) but now think perhaps a bit abstract is better?

Above images are just possibilities? Plus I would provide a couple of pics, one headshot and one of me with a client.

The logo is a keeper but the typefaces below it can be switched out for something more modern if you think?  I got the logo from design.com and could give you the login if you wanted to play with this or get the colour palette. The logo suggests a combination of a cloud/the mind /a speech bubble (talking therapy) plus self-love/care/hope (the yellow heart). I have various files (jpeg, png etc) of the logo with and without the text.  

I like very soft blues and very soft yellows as backgrounds. Perhaps using the navy from the logo as the typeface colour. 

Domain names:

HampshireHeadspace.com

HampshireHeadspace.co.uk

EastleighCounselling.com

EastleighCounselling.co.uk

Email to be set up? 

Which will get the most enquiries, can we brand as one but point the other to the site?